now the children of Reuben and the
now the children of Reuben and the children of GAD had a very great
children of GAD had a very great
children of GAD had a very great multitude of livestock and when they saw
multitude of livestock and when they saw
multitude of livestock and when they saw the land of jeiza and the land of Gilead
the land of jeiza and the land of Gilead
the land of jeiza and the land of Gilead that indeed the region was a place for
that indeed the region was a place for
that indeed the region was a place for livestock the children of GAD and the
livestock the children of GAD and the
livestock the children of GAD and the children of Reuben came and spoke to
children of Reuben came and spoke to
children of Reuben came and spoke to Moses to Eleazar the priest and to the
Moses to Eleazar the priest and to the
Moses to Eleazar the priest and to the leaders of the congregation at HaRav
leaders of the congregation at HaRav
leaders of the congregation at HaRav diven J sir
diven J sir
diven J sir Nimrod heshbon Aleli she Bamm niebo and
Nimrod heshbon Aleli she Bamm niebo and
Nimrod heshbon Aleli she Bamm niebo and beyond the country which the Lord
beyond the country which the Lord
beyond the country which the Lord defeated before the congregation of
defeated before the congregation of
defeated before the congregation of Israel is a land for livestock and your
Israel is a land for livestock and your
Israel is a land for livestock and your servants have livestock therefore they
servants have livestock therefore they
servants have livestock therefore they said if we have found favor in your
said if we have found favor in your
said if we have found favor in your sight let this land be given to your
sight let this land be given to your
sight let this land be given to your servants as a possession do not take us
servants as a possession do not take us
servants as a possession do not take us over the Jordan and Moses said to the
over the Jordan and Moses said to the
over the Jordan and Moses said to the children of GAD and to the children of
children of GAD and to the children of
children of GAD and to the children of Reuben shall your brethren go to war
Reuben shall your brethren go to war
Reuben shall your brethren go to war while you sit here now why will you
while you sit here now why will you
while you sit here now why will you discourage the heart of the children of
discourage the heart of the children of
discourage the heart of the children of Israel from going over into the land
Israel from going over into the land
Israel from going over into the land which the Lord has given them thus your
which the Lord has given them thus your
which the Lord has given them thus your fathers did when I sent them away from
fathers did when I sent them away from
fathers did when I sent them away from Kadesh Barnea to see the land for when
Kadesh Barnea to see the land for when
Kadesh Barnea to see the land for when they went up to the valley of Eshcol and
they went up to the valley of Eshcol and
they went up to the valley of Eshcol and saw the land they discouraged the heart
saw the land they discouraged the heart
saw the land they discouraged the heart of the children of Israel so that they
of the children of Israel so that they
of the children of Israel so that they did not go into the land which the Lord
did not go into the land which the Lord
did not go into the land which the Lord had given them so the Lord's anger was
had given them so the Lord's anger was
had given them so the Lord's anger was aroused on that day and he swore an oath
aroused on that day and he swore an oath
aroused on that day and he swore an oath saying surely none of the men who came
saying surely none of the men who came
saying surely none of the men who came up from Egypt from twenty years old and
up from Egypt from twenty years old and
up from Egypt from twenty years old and above shall see the land of which I
above shall see the land of which I
above shall see the land of which I swore to Abraham Isaac and Jacob because
swore to Abraham Isaac and Jacob because
swore to Abraham Isaac and Jacob because they
they
they not wholly followed me except Caleb the
not wholly followed me except Caleb the
not wholly followed me except Caleb the son of Jephunneh the kena site and
son of Jephunneh the kena site and
son of Jephunneh the kena site and Joshua the son of nun for they have
Joshua the son of nun for they have
Joshua the son of nun for they have wholly followed the Lord so the Lord's
wholly followed the Lord so the Lord's
wholly followed the Lord so the Lord's anger was aroused against Israel and he
anger was aroused against Israel and he
anger was aroused against Israel and he made them wander in the wilderness 40
made them wander in the wilderness 40
made them wander in the wilderness 40 years until all the generation that had
years until all the generation that had
years until all the generation that had done evil in the sight of the Lord was
done evil in the sight of the Lord was
done evil in the sight of the Lord was gone and look you have arisen in your
gone and look you have arisen in your
gone and look you have arisen in your father's place a brood of sinful men to
father's place a brood of sinful men to
father's place a brood of sinful men to increase still more the fierce anger of
increase still more the fierce anger of
increase still more the fierce anger of the Lord against Israel for if you turn
the Lord against Israel for if you turn
the Lord against Israel for if you turn away from following him he will once
away from following him he will once
away from following him he will once again leave them in the wilderness and
again leave them in the wilderness and
again leave them in the wilderness and you will destroy all these people then
you will destroy all these people then
you will destroy all these people then they came near to him and said we will
they came near to him and said we will
they came near to him and said we will build sheep falls here for our livestock
build sheep falls here for our livestock
build sheep falls here for our livestock and cities for our little ones but we
and cities for our little ones but we
and cities for our little ones but we ourselves will be armed ready to go
ourselves will be armed ready to go
ourselves will be armed ready to go before the children of Israel until we
before the children of Israel until we
before the children of Israel until we have brought them to their place and our
have brought them to their place and our
have brought them to their place and our little ones will dwell in the fortified
little ones will dwell in the fortified
little ones will dwell in the fortified cities because of the inhabitants of the
cities because of the inhabitants of the
cities because of the inhabitants of the land we will not return to our homes
land we will not return to our homes
land we will not return to our homes until every one of the children of
until every one of the children of
until every one of the children of Israel has received his inheritance
Israel has received his inheritance
Israel has received his inheritance for we will not inherit with them on the
for we will not inherit with them on the
for we will not inherit with them on the other side of the Jordan and beyond
other side of the Jordan and beyond
other side of the Jordan and beyond because our inheritance has fallen to us
because our inheritance has fallen to us
because our inheritance has fallen to us on this eastern side of the Jordan if
on this eastern side of the Jordan if
on this eastern side of the Jordan if you do this thing if you arm yourselves
you do this thing if you arm yourselves
you do this thing if you arm yourselves before the Lord for the war and all your
before the Lord for the war and all your
before the Lord for the war and all your armed men cross over the Jordan before
armed men cross over the Jordan before
armed men cross over the Jordan before the Lord until he is driven out his
the Lord until he is driven out his
the Lord until he is driven out his enemies from before him
enemies from before him
enemies from before him the land is subdued before the Lord then
the land is subdued before the Lord then
the land is subdued before the Lord then afterward you may return and be
afterward you may return and be
afterward you may return and be blameless before the Lord and before
blameless before the Lord and before
blameless before the Lord and before Israel this land shall be your
Israel this land shall be your
Israel this land shall be your possession before the Lord but if you do
possession before the Lord but if you do
possession before the Lord but if you do not do so then take note you have sinned
not do so then take note you have sinned
not do so then take note you have sinned against the Lord and be sure your sin
against the Lord and be sure your sin
against the Lord and be sure your sin will find you out
will find you out
will find you out build cities for your little ones and
build cities for your little ones and
build cities for your little ones and folds for your sheep and do it as four
folds for your sheep and do it as four
folds for your sheep and do it as four seeded out of your mouth and the
seeded out of your mouth and the
seeded out of your mouth and the children of GAD and the children of
children of GAD and the children of
children of GAD and the children of Reuben spoke to Moses your servants will
Reuben spoke to Moses your servants will
Reuben spoke to Moses your servants will do as my Lord commands our little ones
do as my Lord commands our little ones
do as my Lord commands our little ones our wives our flocks and all our
our wives our flocks and all our
our wives our flocks and all our livestock will be there in the cities of
livestock will be there in the cities of
livestock will be there in the cities of Gilead but your servants cross over
Gilead but your servants cross over
Gilead but your servants cross over every man armed for war before the Lord
every man armed for war before the Lord
every man armed for war before the Lord to battle just as my Lord says so Moses
to battle just as my Lord says so Moses
to battle just as my Lord says so Moses gave command consenting them to Eleazar
gave command consenting them to Eleazar
gave command consenting them to Eleazar the priest to Joshua the son of nun and
the priest to Joshua the son of nun and
the priest to Joshua the son of nun and to the chief fathers of the tribes of
to the chief fathers of the tribes of
to the chief fathers of the tribes of the children of Israel and Moses said to
the children of Israel and Moses said to
the children of Israel and Moses said to them if the children of GAD and the
them if the children of GAD and the
them if the children of GAD and the children of Reuben cross over the Jordan
children of Reuben cross over the Jordan
children of Reuben cross over the Jordan with you every man armed for battle
with you every man armed for battle
with you every man armed for battle before the Lord and the land is subdued
before the Lord and the land is subdued
before the Lord and the land is subdued before you then you shall give them the
before you then you shall give them the
before you then you shall give them the land of Gilead as a possession but if
land of Gilead as a possession but if
land of Gilead as a possession but if they do not cross over
they do not cross over
they do not cross over armed with you they shall have
armed with you they shall have
armed with you they shall have possessions among you in the land of
possessions among you in the land of
possessions among you in the land of Canaan and the children of GAD and the
Canaan and the children of GAD and the
Canaan and the children of GAD and the children of Reuben answered as the Lord
children of Reuben answered as the Lord
children of Reuben answered as the Lord has said to your servants so we will do
has said to your servants so we will do
has said to your servants so we will do we will cross over armed before the Lord
we will cross over armed before the Lord
we will cross over armed before the Lord into the land of Canaan but the
into the land of Canaan but the
into the land of Canaan but the possession of our inheritance shall
possession of our inheritance shall
possession of our inheritance shall remain with us on this side of the
remain with us on this side of the
remain with us on this side of the Jordan
Jordan
Jordan so Moses gave to the children of GAD to
so Moses gave to the children of GAD to
so Moses gave to the children of GAD to the children of Reuben and to half the
the children of Reuben and to half the
the children of Reuben and to half the tribe of Manasseh the son of Joseph the
tribe of Manasseh the son of Joseph the
tribe of Manasseh the son of Joseph the kingdom of Sihon king of the amorite and
kingdom of Sihon king of the amorite and
kingdom of Sihon king of the amorite and the kingdom of ugh king of Bashan the
the kingdom of ugh king of Bashan the
the kingdom of ugh king of Bashan the land with its cities within the borders
land with its cities within the borders
land with its cities within the borders the cities of the surrounding country
the cities of the surrounding country
the cities of the surrounding country and the children of GAD built diamond
and the children of GAD built diamond
and the children of GAD built diamond and a tariff and Aurora at Roth and
and a tariff and Aurora at Roth and
and a tariff and Aurora at Roth and chauffeur and jeiza and Jaguar both
chauffeur and jeiza and Jaguar both
chauffeur and jeiza and Jaguar both Nomura and Beth Haven fortified cities
Nomura and Beth Haven fortified cities
Nomura and Beth Haven fortified cities and folds for sheep and the children of
and folds for sheep and the children of
and folds for sheep and the children of Reuben built heshbon and Ely Ailin and
Reuben built heshbon and Ely Ailin and
Reuben built heshbon and Ely Ailin and kerchief faith niebo and bail mia the
kerchief faith niebo and bail mia the
kerchief faith niebo and bail mia the names being changed and Shipman and they
names being changed and Shipman and they
names being changed and Shipman and they gave other names to the cities which
gave other names to the cities which
gave other names to the cities which they built and the children of maker the
they built and the children of maker the
they built and the children of maker the son of Manasseh went to Gilead and took
son of Manasseh went to Gilead and took
son of Manasseh went to Gilead and took it and dispossessed the amorous who were
it and dispossessed the amorous who were
it and dispossessed the amorous who were in it so Moses gave Gilead to make him
in it so Moses gave Gilead to make him
in it so Moses gave Gilead to make him the son of Manasseh and he dwelt in it
the son of Manasseh and he dwelt in it
the son of Manasseh and he dwelt in it also Jaya the son of Manasseh went and
also Jaya the son of Manasseh went and
also Jaya the son of Manasseh went and took its small towns and called them ava
took its small towns and called them ava
took its small towns and called them ava jae air and noba went and took Keinath
jae air and noba went and took Keinath
jae air and noba went and took Keinath and its villages and he called it Noba
and its villages and he called it Noba
and its villages and he called it Noba after his own name